For the "Click Here to Apply" buttons:
Should clicking the button open the lender's website/referral link in a new tab? Yes
Should it open a modal with lender contact information? It should take it to the lender’s website via the referral link
Should it navigate to an application form page? Yes, or whatever page the lender indicates. 
Should it pre-fill any data from the deal analysis? No, it will likely be difficult because every lenders format will be different. 
For loan type information in the results table:

In the rental analysis, we are not analyzing specific loan types. We are only analyzing a 30-year fixed, 75% funded.  Standard DSCR loan interest rate. 
Other loan types are presented in the text previously sent to you.  Please confirm receipt and ask any clarifying questions. 
Each loan type will have a button to find lenders, as previously indicated, except the Private Lenders section, which has a button that says Learn More. This button links to the private lender page, which explains it and gives suggestions where the user might find private lenders. There are a couple of links to organizations that provide referral fees to RE Data Metrix. 
Should we display the loan product name (e.g., "DSCR 30-Year Fixed")? Please clarify this question. 
Should we show loan details like interest rate, LTV, points in the table?
Should there be a tooltip or expandable section with full loan product details?
For lender access:
Should we show lender contact information in the results? No. We want to encourage the user to click on the referral link. 
Should there be a way to save/favorite specific lenders? I like this idea. Let’s talk about it. 
Should users be able to apply to multiple lenders at once? The user can apply to multiple lenders, but only one at a time. 
Could you help me understand what functionality you'd like to see for these features? I want to make sure I implement exactly what you need!

Add the Rental Income (Expected Monthly Rent) to the previous page. 
To the left of the notes :Typical DSCR Rates:”, add the following text:
Assumptions:
30-year fixed mortgage
75% financed
25% down payment (or equity contribution)

Change default interest rate to reflect the lower rate stated under “Typical DSCR Rates:”
Add the insurance calculation. 
