In client/src/components/deal-analysis/Step3PurchaseRenovation.tsx, before making any changes, find where the Percentage of ARV value is calculated and formatted for display. Show me:

The raw calculation
How it is rounded or formatted before display (e.g. toFixed(1), Math.round(), etc.)
The exact variable name used

Then apply the following changes, ensuring the color logic runs against the rounded display value — not the raw calculated value — so the color always matches what the user sees on screen.

Change 1 — Color-code the Percentage of ARV value:
Use these brackets:

≤ 70.0% → green (text-green-600 or project success color)
70.1%–79.9% → amber (text-amber-500 or project warning color)
≥ 80.0% → red (text-red-600 or project destructive color)

Create a helper based on the rounded display value:
typescriptconst arvPercentageColor =
  roundedArvPercentage <= 70 ? 'text-green-600' :
  roundedArvPercentage < 80 ? 'text-amber-500' :
  'text-red-600';
Apply the color class to the percentage number only, not the label.

Change 2 — Add info icon with tooltip (desktop) and inline help text (mobile) next to the "Percentage of ARV" label:

On desktop (hidden sm:inline-flex): add a shadcn/ui Tooltip triggered by a CircleHelp Lucide icon (h-3.5 w-3.5 text-muted-foreground) placed immediately after the label text. Tooltip content:

"The 70% Rule: most investors target buying at or below 70% of ARV to ensure enough margin after rehab and holding costs. In high-value markets, a higher percentage may still be acceptable due to larger absolute profit margins."


On mobile (sm:hidden): add a text-xs text-muted-foreground mt-1 line directly below the Percentage of ARV row, full width, always visible — no tap required. Same text as above.


Change 3 — Check for other instances:
Search the wizard for any other screen locations that display Percentage of ARV (e.g. Step 6 Results summary card). If found, apply the same color coding using the same rounded-value logic. Do NOT apply color to any PDF output — screen only.

After all changes, confirm the build compiles cleanly and list any pre-existing errors separately.